[Music]
i wanted
to stay at home
[Music]
she sounds really good
i wanted the baby to decide when she
wanted to come
[Music]
my daughter came into this world
for the time that she did
[Music]
[Applause]
and i can't bring her back
[Music]
marth is that you how are you
60 to 70 of these cases we really find a
satisfactory explanation
there is something
certain things medically we just don't
have answers for
[Music]
thank you
how is martha martha's fine she's always
fine
[Music]
have you decided to go to the trial it's
the right thing to do
because you say it is she has to pay for
her incompetence
we need some justice here no you need
why are you trying to disappear my kid
because we don't have a kid
you have to face i am facing this i am
facing it
i am facing this
who cares about what they think this is
about me
this is about my life
this is me
between us
[Music]
you